hi how about everyone now we are going to
try to fix good to treat this
I already checked to fix the
motorola motokey xt 1032 what's up
a lot since then obviously now
everyone wants to update themselves
lollipop and when once you
we update because we simply do not
like to make failures or applications do not
they stay well etcetera and many people are
wants to go back to make it google play or
to the original stock of Motorola
already with this because the phones are
they are warm and I bring them the
solution towards that let's go to
your preferred browser and I'm going to leave you
the link of the download as the rom of
culp edition 4.4
once you have downloaded this
zip file will decompress it and they
this folder will be left in this folder
what he has then is the
what is the name of the rum and has some logos
if you like to upgrade to lollipop
even what happened to me or that is what
I leave it because what happened to me the most
that nothing was to update and I did not
came in is not done that in the pure start
the logos these are to unlock that
start
good what the blue folder is
added was the m fast boot and the retract to
that those two files are the ones that you
they added to this folder that they are the ones
they're going to make our cell phone run
well a first let's connect the
cellular with the computer for this
obviously have the files
of the motorola forgiveness drivers are the
I will leave in the description of the video
and we will run the retail to s
once in mode please give in
run
and ready, well, I do not get anything
Well, because my cell phone already fix it
and I do not ever want to restore clear
and once I finish this it takes
around about 5 minutes
they are going to enter
Well your phone is going to enter with
google play edition 4.4
where google edition 4.4 is already the
android lollipop if you like to update it
as I say here they have the logos to me
personally do not need it
So, I could not tell you
yes
the wolves do not know that but
well this does not stay
from where it takes us out of 7 weeks I think
I took it out and then here they are
If the cell phone stays
in the pure start what they have to
do is turn it off again meter so
facebook and dale to execute this
file that is install and this takes
around a second the truth a
done that because that would be all for
finish the video if you liked it if you
it served please leave comments and
likes which would be very good then for
keep moving with this little channel